Update free-courses-hi.md (#8622)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

### Assembly

* [x64 Assembly Language](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-DxAN1jsRa-3KzeQeEeoL_XpUHKfPL1u) - The Cyber Expert

> * [Assembly Language Programming Tutorials in Urdu Hindii](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2FqYUVaFJpHPw1ExSVJZFNlXzJYGAT1)

Reviewer: - Sort them alphabetically.
- Spell check: Hindi

> * [x64 Assembly Language](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-DxAN1jsRa-3KzeQeEeoL_XpUHKfPL1u) - The Cyber Expert
> * [Assembly Language Programming Tutorials in Urdu Hindii](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2FqYUVaFJpHPw1ExSVJZFNlXzJYGAT1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Assembly Language Programming Tutorials in Urdu Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2FqYUVaFJpHPw1ExSVJZFNlXzJYGAT1) - Programology
* [x64 Assembly Language](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-DxAN1jsRa-3KzeQeEeoL_XpUHKfPL1u) - The Cyber Expert
```

- Sort
- Fix Spelling
- Add channel name
